[ Intro to "Les Berceaux"
plays ]
♪ Le long du Quai,
les grands vaisseaux ♪
♪ Que la houle incline
en silence ♪
[ Whirring ]
What are you doing?
I decided to start
making my own seltzer.
Oh. Why?
Save the environment. Dory,
we're destroying the earth.
We need to give back.
Ooh.
Who is that?
Is that Shirley MacLaine?
No,
that's my missing friend.
She sent it
in one of the e-mails
that I stole
from her boyfriend.
Oh, my God.
I love that you did that.
You are so bad.
So, did you find
anything good?
Did you find
the killer?
Uh, well,
she's not dead.
Right.
She's still alive.
So, okay, I'm gonna read you
one of these e-mails.
She had, like,
a terrible roommate
who basically
abused her.
Here,
I'll read you one.
Subject is just
"AAAAAAAAAH!"
Okay.
"I hate, hate,
hate Penelope.
She tore my oil pastels
off the walls last night.
I can't take this abuse
any longer."
Oh, my God.
Dory!
And there's
You cracked it!
She's the killer!
Yeah, again, you know,
Chantal's not dead.
Thank God.
You know what I mean.
But, yeah.
I mean, the only thing is,
so now I'm trying to figure out
where her and Penelope lived,
and I can't.
I went on all social media,
called 411.
Nothing.
Aah!
Oh!
I can't make seltzer.
Mm-hmm.
Sorry, Earth.
Can you pick up
some Poland Spring?
Yeah.
Um, while you're out,
if you could just
swing by Sundeep's office,
just see
if he's there.
You know what?
Don't. Don't do it.
Honestly,
I think he's --
I know he's not
at Rebecca's.
I-I completely trust him.
It's fine.
I trust him.
I trust him,
I trust him, I trust him.
♪ Obedear, the sky is low ♪
♪♪
You want a suspect?
That guy.
Yeah. Chantal used to nanny
for him and his wife.
[ Camera shutter clicks ]
[ Cellphone rings ]
Hey, what's up?
Drew: Hey. I'm pretty sure
I got eyes on Nanny Daddy.
Who?
You remember?
He was that creepy guy
from the vigil,
the one who flirted
with Portia.
I'm pretty sure Chantal
used to nanny for him
or something.
Oh, yeah.
Anyway,
I just saw him on the train,
and guess what he was doing?
He was taking photos
up the skirts of ladies.
Ew!
Yeah, I know.
What the hell?
Drew.
You have to follow him.
No, no, no, no, no.
Please. Please. Please.
He's gonna go
into one of these buildings.
He's gonna go to work.
I'm not gonna follow him.
Come on. You can do this.
Isn't this exciting?
No!
Okay, look.
I-I'm already sweating
thinking about this, okay?
I'm not built
for snooping.
I'm some tall freak
with glasses, all right?
They're gonna notice me
right away.
Oh, my God.
What?
I'm being followed.
That man --
That man's
following me again.
Who?
What are you talking about?
Wait. Wait. I don't know.
Wait, wait. What's happening?
You're being followed now?
I thought I was the one that
was doing the following.
Okay, I have to go.
Stop.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
♪♪
Aah!
Shit.
No! Stay away from me!
Stay away from me.
I don't know
what you're talking about.
Don't move. Okay, I need help.
No. No, okay. All right. No.
This man's
been following me.
No, she doesn't need help.
Yes, I'm in danger. Stop it!
No, I'm not following you.
Stop! Help me!
Let me explain myself. Dory!
Huh?
Dory!
You don't have to be afraid.
How do you know
my name?
One cup of coffee.
We're gonna have
a cup of coffee.
Thank you.
You know,
I'm embarrassed to admit
I've never really thought about
the privilege it is
to just hop in a cab,
you know?
Meanwhile,
in the Kimuli Village,
Adisa has to leave her four
children in a decaying shack
just to walk two miles
to retrieve unclean water.
Wow.
I can't wait to go back.
Real life, you know?
Mm-hmm.
Hey, you know what?
When we work,
we really work.
Man: Where you going?
Brooklyn.
That's easy
for you to say, Marc.
I was the one
doing all the heavy lifting.
I literally
built a house.
Okay, Marc.
I did some soul-searching
while we were on the plane
while you
were watching "Hitch,"
and I've come to the realization
that deep down,
I'm a free bird.
Wait.
Elliott, are you actually
doing this right now?
We literally
just got back
from the most healing trip
of our lives,
and you're
breaking up with me?
We're gonna make
two stops.
Elliott.
[ Tires screech ]
Keith: Keep it.
You know...
you made quite a splash
up there
in Chappaqua.
With Chantal's mom.
That was just
a misunderstanding.
Mm-hmm.
So...
who hired you?
You know, Dory,
I started tailing you
because I thought you might know
where Chantal is.
Maybe you had something to do
with her disappearance.
Maybe you felt guilty,
wanted to confess something.
That I had something to do
with her disappearance?
I mean,
I'm not the guy
who's following
a young woman around,
you know,
day and night.
Right here.
Man:
Another soup here.
Is this not the best soup
in the whole world?
No.
No, no, no.
It's -- It's good.
Yeah.
Tell her.
Tell her it's the best.
It's very good.
It's the best.
Eh.
Mnh-mnh.
I don't actually think
that you're a suspect.
As far
as I can tell,
you have almost no relationship
to Chantal whatsoever.
So what
I can't figure out is...
why do you have
such a vested interest in this?
I just want
to find her.
You think she's alive?
I know she is.
That makes two of us.
♪♪
[ Elevator bell dings ]
[ Beep ]
I just forgot
my key card, so...
[ Alarm sounds ]
Yeah,
we got a walker.
♪ Stained glass,
church windows ♪
♪ See through your morals ♪
♪ Seven sins sticks you in ♪
♪ Treats you like children ♪
Uh, excuse me, sir.
Sir!
Excuse me.
Hi.
Do you -- Do you have
an appointment?
Can I help you?
Oh.
Yeah.
This is, um,
Quince Capital, huh?
Do you have
an appointment?
Yeah.
With?
Oh, with um...
Uh, Dotty Reikert?
D-Dotty Reikart?
Reikart. Yeah.
[ Chuckles ] Yeah.
Yeah,
from accounts payable.
Are -- Are you sure?
Oh, yes.
I'm pretty sure.
Oh, does she even have
an extension?
[ Chuckles ] Looks like
somebody gave her one.
"Penelope's parents
visited this weekend,
and now
I understand everything.
Her father has the same dead,
cold eyes as she does,
and I overheard her mother
say the 'N' word
to the guy
who installed our Wi-Fi.
They're Nazis."
[ Whistles ]
Yeah.
And that's
just a snippet.
I mean,
I have tons more.
Hmm.
Um, I want to, you know,
get in contact with her...
Mm-hmm.
...you know, and see where
she lives, but, uh, I just --
I don't know
how to find her.
So...
[ Scoffs ]
You know
where she lives, huh?
Yeah.
What do you think I do
for a living?
Make deviled eggs?
[ Chuckles ]
Well, maybe you could,
like, take me to her?
No.
Or introduce me?
No. No way.
But it's important,
though.
No, no. Not unless you start
getting honest with me.
Why are you
looking for Chantal?
Um...
Well...
Ever since
she went missing,
I've realized
that I overlooked her.
And it might sound,
you know, annoying,
but I feel like people
have overlooked me sometimes.
All right.
The family.
Chantal's family.
That's who I work for.
Well, what if
we worked together?
I mean,
I could help you.
All right.
But here's the thing.
I've got one goal,
and that's bring her home
safe and sound.
Mm-hmm.
Capiche?
Yes. Yes.
I totally capiche.
This is
on the Witherbottoms.
All right.
Dotty: I don't understand
who you are
or what this meeting
is about.
If we could just sit here,
uh, quietly for a few seconds,
that would really
help me out.
Did you not
get your check?
The computers
are acting real spotty today,
but if that's
what this is about, I can look.
But you could have
just called.
You need
to come with us.
I was just doing
what I was told.
what I was told!
Whoa! Whoa!
[ Glass shatters ]
We just came
for him.
Sorry to bother you,
ma'am.
Do I need a lawyer?
Uh, this is yours, Dotty.
Sorry!
D-D-Do I need a lawyer?!
Looks like
this is it.
[ Sighs ] Yeah.
I guess so, yeah.
[ Knock on door ]
Just follow my lead.
Okay.
Hey.
Uh, we're looking
for Penelope.
Penelope:
Look at it.
Aww.
Aww, it's so cute!
Look at
its big, floppy ears!
I love bunnies!
Aww. [ Chuckles ]
Oh, bunny. You're so cute.
[ Chuckles ]
He's got little whiskers.
They go, "Mm, mm, mm."
[ Chuckles ]
You go, "hop."
Bunny, go hop.
Pbht!
[ Chuckles ]
Uh, are we -- are we sure
this is Chantal's apartment?
Or...
When you start turning
over rocks...
Oh, bunny.
You're cute!
...you're gonna find
some worms.
I'm your mommy.
[ Chuckles ]
And by worms,
I mean weird sex stuff.
I'm a bunny mommy.
You came out of my belly.
[ Chuckles ]
You know,
I have a bounty of gumdrops...
[ Gasps ]
...in my forever castle.
Yaaaaaay!
♪ To the forever castle
we go ♪
♪ And that's where we live
together ♪
Okay, you guys,
thanks for coming.
That's the end
of the show.
You taught me
so many things, Mami.
When God turned the lights off
on our family,
you taught us
to be brave.
You taught me
how to talk to boys
and how
to get good grades.
And how to make empanadas
by hand for my little cousins.
Trina: Excuse me.
Did she just say
"empanadas?"
[ Stammers ]
What's going on?
Is she meant to be
Hispanic?
I remember someone brought it up
during casting,
but then
it got dropped.
I guess no one wanted
to be confrontational.
Both: ...ahora y en la hora
de nuestra muerte.
Amen.
[ Monitor flatlines ]
Penelope: All right,
that's it first-timers.
Leave your money in the crib
by the door.
Keith: Actually, we were hoping
to ask you a couple questions
about
Chantal Witherbottom.
Did she live here?
Uh, look.
I know the drill,
okay?
You don't know us.
You don't want to talk to us.
But maybe you want to talk
to my friend Andrew Jackson?
[ Sighs ]
Yeah.
She lived here.
Anything else?
We understand that you and
Chantal had some, uh, tensions
before her disappearance.
Keith: Mm.
Is that something you feel
comfortable elaborating on?
Well --
[ Scoffs ]
Why don't you try
living with a deadbeat
who leaves bowls of cereal
on the ground
so that the living room
turns into
a god damn
milk minefield?
You know, the world
is a better place without her.
Sorry, not sorry.
Did she have a problem
with your sex work?
Uh, no.
This is not sexual.
"Pretty Princess Penelope"
is non-interactive
intimacy experience
that allows one
to turn back the clock
and align themselves with
a more...wholesome adolescence.
It's called
helping people.
What the fuck
are you doing?
We're helping Chantal.
[ Scoffs ] Well.
Can you
show us her room?
Oh, my God.
Fine.
[ Horns honking ]
Hey, Gardner.
Dog pit.
Stat.
Have a seat.
So, what the hell?
I'm sorry, sir.
No, I'm just --
I'm -- I'm figuring,
you know,
you should have an opportunity
to explain yourself.
In regards to what,
sir?
In regards
to what were you doing
at Quince Capital
earlier today?!
It's very hard
for me to explain --
You know what, shut up,
'cause no one asked you to talk.
Well, you asked me to explain
what happened, so I was --
Shut up.
Yeah, okay.
Sorry about that, sir.
Sorry.
You know,
I actually was stupid enough
to think that you were serious
about this internship.
I am very serious
about it, sir.
I am very happy
to be here.
I'm grateful.
I am.
Do you have any idea
how it makes us look
when one of our interns goes
jacking off at another firm?
I-I was not
jacking off.
There was no
jacking off happening.
I j-- Look, I was there
because I thought, for --
You thought?
You had a thought.
You had an idea.
Well, I don't pay you to think.
Okay?
I pay you to sit in a cubicle
and look at your computer screen
and do what
I tell you to do.
To be honest, you don't
pay me at all, sir.
I'm an intern
at the company.
Sorry.
You think that's funny,
right?
You think this is a joke.
So, I want to ask you,
Mr. Smarty-pants intern --
If you were in my position,
what would you do?
How would you handle
this situation?
Would you fire you
if you were me?
Is that
what you would do?
No.
No, no, no, no.
No?
No, I wouldn't --
Well,
that's the wrong answer.
Okay, then, yes, I would.
I would.
Yeah?
Yeah, okay, I would --
Yeah, really?
That's what you would do?
You would actually
do that to yourself?
I guess.
[ Laughing ] Wow.
That's crazy, man.
[ Voice breaking ] I'm not sure
what you want me to say.
[ Cries ]
I'm so sorry.
I'm not sure
what you want me to say.
Just tell me
what to say.
[ Sobs ]
I made a mistake.
I messed up.
I need this job
more than anything.
It's okay.
You're not fired.
You're not fired. Okay?
Just -- Just go.
Here it is.
Keith:
How come it's empty?
I kicked her out
for freeloading.
She wasn't paying rent?
Yeah, the dumb bitch owed me
like three months' worth.
God, I had to twice as many
playtimes to make up for it.
It was exhausting.
Uh, what's this?
Some crap she forgot.
I was gonna give it back to
her ugly family, but I forgot.
Oh.
I used to do the exact
same thing to my burned CDs.
I even had, like,
the same font.
Who are you talking to?
What's this?
I don't know.
I mean,
she was dating somebody new.
He probably gave it to her.
Can we not
talk about her anymore?
I just keep picturing,
like, old poop, you know,
that's, like,
sitting in water.
Yeah, okay.
It stinks.
Uh, do you mind
if we take this stuff?
No, you can't take it.
God, don't be weird.
You guys, I have to live stream
a sponge bath at 4:00,
and you really
need to leave, okay? Out.
[ Scoffs ]
Hate you.
[ Sighs ]
[ Both laugh ]
That was so bizarre.
I mean, I'm not judgy
about stuff like that normally,
you know, but, like,
what the hell?
Look, people are into
some weird shit.
Oh, man.
I just -- I wish
she would have given us
some of Chantal's stuff,
though.
That kind of sucks.
Well,
I was able to nab this.
What? Oh!
You stole that?
Yeah,
I got slight hands.
Is that a dog tooth?
So strange.
[ Chuckles ]
The mystery deepens.
It's kind of...
nice, actually.
Hey,
you should keep it.
Oh.
Well, it's evidence, no?
[ Chuckles ]
'Cause she said that Chantal,
you know, got a new boyfriend.
Eh, maybe it is,
maybe it's not.
You can always give it back
next time I see you.
We're partners,
right?
Yeah.
Yeah. [ Chuckles ]
[ Chuckles ]
[ Spanish music playing ]
[ Man humming ]
Excuse me, um,
can we go to Red Hook, please?
Thank you.
Good day!
Oh, hi.
Hi.
Wait.
Are you an artist?
You have
the arms of a potter.
Oh. No.
I mean, I studied
graphic design in school, but...
Aw, you're just being modest.
I can tell.
Let me know
if you need anything.
Okay.
Oh, actually, I, uh --
Yeah,
I was wondering --
I think this necklace
was bought here.
These sell really well.
Wolf's tooth.
For a pack leader.
Do you know, uh,
maybe who bought this here?
Like,
is there some kind of code
you could put into the system
and see, like,
whose credit card
was used to buy it?
They say every time
a wolf looses a tooth,
it is demoted
in rank.
But I've always been drawn
to the wounded.
Anything else
I can do for you?
No, I guess not.
You have
a beautiful store, though.
Thank you.
Yeah.
Oh, um, me and my partner,
Edwin --
you've probably
heard of him --
we hold small gatherings here
with artists
and artisans
and craftspersons.
This Sunday's gonna be
a little more special, though.
You should come.
Oh, cool.
Okay, yeah.
I-I'll try and stop by.
Oh, I really hope
that's true.
Okay.
Hey!
Hi.
Oh, my God!
Dory.
Hey, Dor.
Thank you.
[ Smooching ]
Dory, we're all having
really bad days.
Dory: Oh, no.
Except for Drew.
I didn't really ask Drew.
It was not great.
Dory,
you look amazing.
You're literally glowing.
It's insane.
Yeah.
Dory: Thanks.
Well, do you guys
want to hear something cool,
or are you guys
all too sad?
Let's hear it.
No, tell us.
We need happy.
Okay.
So...it turns out...
I have been being followed.
What?
By a P.I.
A real P.I. that Chantal's
family hired to find her!
No.
It's just --
it's all, you know,
a lot bigger
than I even imagined.
Portia:
Dory! That's so cool!
I know!
And now I just, like,
I want to feel like,
you know, I want --
I want to do more.
I want to, like,
break into places
and, like, learn
slight-of-hand and stuff.
I'm gonna teach you
how to use a gun.
David, who's our prop master,
taught me how to use a gun.
Dory:
No, I don't want to use guns.
Elliott: No guns.
No.
There are no guns.
Portia:
You need to get a gun.
Wait, wait, wait.
What happened
with, uh, with Nanny Daddy?
Oh, yeah,
it was a bust.
I mean, like, he went to work,
and then I went to work, so...
Dory:
That's it?
Yeah. No, it's okay. It's okay.
Not every lead checks out, so...
Elliott:
Oh, my God.
I really, really love
that necklace.
Mm.
It's much nicer
than what you usually wear.
Well, thank you.
So, I was gonna get to that.
This is from a boutique shop
called Bellow & Hare.
No!
Dory: Yes.
No! No!
What?
That place is a cult,
Dory.
What?
I lost a very, very good friend
to Bellow & Hare.
I'm not kidding.
Oh, my God. Who?
Crisabel!
Yeah, she started going, and
then she started pulling away.
I'm sorry, like --
Wait. Oh!
Oh, my God.
I heard that place is evil!
Okay.
Is it weird
that I want to go?
♪ Le long du Quai,
les grands vaisseaux ♪
♪ Que la houle incline
en silence ♪
[ Floorboards creak ]
Hello?